fix(curriculum): duplicate ids in RWD accessibility quiz (#51967)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-accessibility-by-building-a-quiz/6145f59029474c0d3dc1c8b8.md

# --hints--

You should give the `textarea` element an `id` attribute.

```js
assert.notEmpty(document.querySelectorAll('.answer')?.[1]?.querySelector('textarea')?.id);
```

> You cannot include spaces in the `id` for the `textarea` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not include spaces in the `id` for the `textarea` element.
```

Reviewer: A little more friendly in my opinion.

Author: Agreed, your version is friendlier. I was trying to convey the point that spaces are strictly not allowed in the `id` attribute, so I used "cannot" to emphasize this, but perhaps that isn't as important as being a little more user friendly. I think what I would really like to do is include an extra sentence explaining that the HTML specs don't allow spaces in the `id`, so that it is clear it's not just fCC imposing this restriction. Perhaps something like:

> You should not include spaces in the `id` for the `textarea` element. HTML does not allow spaces in the `id` attribute.

What do you think?

Reviewer: Thank you for being so thoughtful Bruce. I do like teaching Campers this, but I think we should prevent spoiling the answer in step 40. 

Maybe there is a better opportunity in a different challenge. As for the provided sentence, I would not change anything.
